we do it in the conference room on the
second floor of the campus health
building so it's not an ideal room it
only did we in perfect we do our best we
push we have to push all the tables and
chairs to the side and it's a small room
I now I've come to kind of like it
because it makes it like a more intimate
space it starts with me kind of
summarizing something from the Brene
brown book the gifts of imperfection
that that current week's theme so she
offers 10 guideposts would she calls him
guideposts from her research on what
helps people live in a more wholehearted
way so for example the first one is
authenticity so I like summarize what
she says in the research about
authenticity and a lot of the simple way
of summarizing it would just be that
authenticity is a practice not it's
nothing either have or don't have it
something you work at and you commit to
doing and there's ways to go about
practicing committing to authenticity
and the whole time during the yoga poses
i try to weave in that same theme so
like authenticity i might talk about
doing a pose in a way that only you can
do it in a way that feels authentic to
you on some days maybe i have the energy
and i want to like put my arms up and in
some days my authentic self is like I'm
a little tired I want to do it like this
and that's great so I try to encourage
people to do whatever is authentic for
them and yoga they talk about you have
to find stability and freedom in the
poses and so you want to always find
stability first so you work first to
make the pose feel strong to make it
feel stable to make it go grounded and
then you like open it up and make it big
and expansive and free and so we talked
about how like in life it's also
important to seek stability first
because if we go first to freedom and
we're like oh I don't have to follow the
rules I can do whatever I want then that
can lead to a lot of chaos or
dysregulation or addiction or things
like that and so if you first build your
stable base whatever that looks like
maybe it's just getting enough sleep or
exercising or eating well they
things that are going to keep you stable
having good community and support then
you can find freedom that comes from
that and like how to play and how to do
the things you love to do but I love
that like in the pose you can really in
a yoga pose you can really feel it you
can feel when it's to free and it's like
wobbly and you can feel when it's too
stable and it's too rigid and it's too
tight just like in life you can be too
stable too rigid or two free and you
want to find the balance of both and
stability first I think it can be really
helpful for when emotions feel a little
out of whack in or up and down or people
that want to are doing all right but
want to live in a more healthy often
take sort of driving way yeah anxiety
depression if I'm like relationship
stuff or just like adjusting to being in
college or being in grad school and it's
kind of new and it's hard and they want
a place to just like calm and breathe
once a week and not to have to put too
much pressure on themselves